# Todo
- fix indentation

Here's an overview of the purpose of each file and how everything works together when you run `npm start`:

1. `server.js`: This file sets up a basic Express server. It uses the `express` package to create an instance of the Express application, sets up a static file server to serve the `public` directory, and listens on a specified port (in this case, port 3000).

2. `public/index.html`: This file is the HTML template for your application. It includes a `<div>` element with an id of "root" where the React component will be rendered. It also includes a `<script>` tag that references the `bundle.js` file, which is the bundled JavaScript file generated by Webpack.

3. `src/App.js`: This file contains a simple React component called `App`. It is a functional component that returns JSX (JavaScript XML) code, which represents the structure and content of the component.

4. `src/index.js`: This file is the entry point for your React application. It imports the `App` component and uses `ReactDOM.render()` to render the `App` component into the HTML element with the id of "root" in the `public/index.html` file.

5. `.babelrc`: This file is the Babel configuration file. It specifies the presets to be used by Babel, including `@babel/preset-env` and `@babel/preset-react`, which are necessary for transpiling modern JavaScript and JSX code.

6. `webpack.config.js`: This file is the Webpack configuration file. It specifies the entry point (`src/index.js`), output path (`public/bundle.js`), and rules for processing JavaScript files using Babel.

When you run `npm start`, it triggers the following steps:

1. Webpack reads the `webpack.config.js` file and starts the build process.
2. Webpack uses the specified entry point (`src/index.js`) to start bundling the JavaScript code.
3. Babel is used to transpile the JavaScript code, converting modern JavaScript and JSX code into browser-compatible code.
4. The bundled JavaScript code is outputted to the specified output path (`public/bundle.js`).
5. The Express server defined in `server.js` is started and listens on the specified port (3000).
6. When you access `http://localhost:3000` in your browser, the server serves the `public/index.html` file, which includes the `bundle.js` file.
7. The browser loads the `bundle.js` file, which contains the bundled JavaScript code.
8. The bundled JavaScript code includes the React component (`App`) and uses `ReactDOM.render()` to render it into the HTML element with the id of "root" in the `public/index.html` file.
9. The rendered React component is displayed in the browser.

This is how all the files work together to create an Express app with React and how they are orchestrated when you run `npm start`.

To install on a new directory, after cloning the repo, run:
```bash
npm init -y
npm install express react react-dom react-bootstrap bootstrap style-loader css-loader less-loader react-router-dom react-scripts
```